## How-to: Keeping coursework private

If you are just starting out using GitHub for coursework, you'll might be worried about how to keep your coursework private. Putting your homework on GitHub comes with the responsibility to make sure people cannot use your material to cheat in their coursework. There are three basic things you need to do to make sure that this repo is private and functional:

1. **Set your repo to private**: When you are making a new repo from this template, you should have the option to choose if the repo will be public or private. Make sure you choose that the repo is set to private. This will mean that people cannot see your repo. If you plan to collaborate with others (as allowed by your university), then you can give them access to the repo via the the settings for the repository manually. 
2. **Keep private files out of `gh-pages`**: By default, any material of any kind put into the `gh-pages` folder will be published to the `website` branch and made available to any project website you setup. If you don't want to publish a website, then you don't need to worry, but if you do, you should make sure that all the content in the `gh-pages` folder and the `website` branch of your repo is publically shareable. 
3. **Encrypt public facing homework assets**: Homeworks are automatically compiled and placed into the `gh-pages/assets/files/homework` folder. If you are setting up a website for the course, this is accessible to the internet (though hard). In order to make that safe, the homework files are encrypted using a repository secret. To set the password, just add a repository secret called `HOMEWORK_PASSWORD` to your repository in the Settings > Secrets > New repository secret settings. 
